After updating Hesiod to handle RNA, we have another couple of requests:

1) Finally fix the naming convention. We'll use "Experiment" rather than "Run" because
that's what MinKNOW calls this thing. Caitlin is going to try grouping future runs
so that each Experiment is actually related to one project.

There's no sense in signing off batches of cells by "run" because the way that cells
are loaded means there will be different conditions per cell if multiple projects
are run at once - it's not like Illumina where a fluidics issue can affect all the lanes.

As part of this, add the original experiment name to the metadata just to be explicit,
even though it's just the last part of the run ID in most cases.

How to get this? Ah, it's in the final_report so just snaffle it from there.

What do I need to correct?

1)
The RT queue will still be called "bfx-promethion-run" but I want the titles to be
"Experiment". This required a change to the rt_runticket_manager, adding a --prefix
option.

I also want to chenge make_report. Pretty easy. I'll also change the name in the YAML,
but retain support for reporting old YAML files.

Done, I think.

2) Add the PDF reports to the Hesiod report. I note that the files are provided in
both PDF and markdown format, so I might try re-rendering them as HTML or just copy the
PDF onto egloud and link it.

Oh, nope. The .md files are not markdown versions of the PDF reports. They seem to bear
no relation to the PDF. OK. I'll just add on the PDF then.

Copy (or hard-link) as part of the Snakefile.rundata, and then tag onto the report
right under the cell heading.

Done, I think. Needs much testing.

3) See for example ticket #14454 - Caitlin is pasting a load of numbers into a spreadsheet.
We can recreate this at the top of each Hesiod report. Confirm what numbers are actually
needed, as Caitlin says not all are relevant. Probably the percentage mapping to calib
strand is something we care about!

(Maybe do a pipeline release before this part, to get the RNA support and new naming out there)

Experiment Name - upstream name
Sample ID - easy. first part of cell ID
Run ID - the uuid
Flow Cell ID - PAMXXXX
Run Length - get from the final summary
Reads Generated (M) - we have this in cell_info.yaml (pass and fail)
Estimated Bases (Gb) - ditto
Passed Bases (Gb) - ditto (and we can give a percentage)
Estimated N50 (kb) - NanoStats.yaml has this (or NanoStats.txt)
Pores at T0 - Not sure how to get these things
Pores at T12
Pores at T24
Pores at T36
Pores at T48
Pores at T72
Flush performed? - Not sure the instrument even knows this

We should add the "Active pores over time" plot from NanoPlot to the main report too.
DONE!

Next step is to calculate the run length as part of the final summary parse.
DONE

And I've added the whole of the final_summary info to info.yaml, and now make_report
can make a nice table to go at the top.
DONE. Time to test it!
